Can you tell me some more about your father? What did he do for a living?
He was a grocer and he had a chain of shops in the valleys.
So where were his shops then?
Oh, Eberveil, Merther, Bryn Maw, Blanavon and he did have two in the Midlands, in Kidderminster and Wolverhampton.
How did he run all these shops? Did he have managers or...?
Yes, he did, but sadly in the war they were all called up, you see.
So what happened then?
Well, some of them were closed, some were taken over.
These were what, greengrocer's shops or what did they sell?
No, grocers.
Grocer's shops.
So they sold...
And in those days you didn't have anything in plastic, it was not known.
And sugar, you have a big sack and I can remember these bags, blue bags, firm ones,
and they used to scoop the sugar into the blue bags and I can see them now patting them down and folding them up.
And the same with the butter.
The butter didn't come in packets.
You had a big slab of butter and these wooden sort of platter things and they used to cut them and they used to go like that, you know.
And then with the cheese, again, you had like a wire thing on a board and they cut through the cheese.
But of course, butter and cheese were rationed in the war.
You didn't have very much.
The miners and manual workers, now they were given extra rations.